README.md, before:

# General info

MERN stack Duolingo clone! This is a Duolingo clone, which is being developed by 3 BS students, a CS student, English Language & Literature student and a Fine arts student!

## Setup with npm

### Front-End

```
$ cd front-end
$ npm install
$ npm start
```

### Back-End(server)

(First create an .env file)

```
$ cd server
$ npm i mongoose
$ npm install
$ node server.js
```

## Setup with yarn

### Front-End

```
$ cd client
$ yarn
$ yarn start
```

### Back-End(server)

(First create an .env file)

```
$ cd server
$ yarn
$ yarn start
```

Additionally, in order to run the server, you need to create a .env file in the cmd/powershell or terminal
by typing:

#### For Windows `echo > .env`

#### For Mac/Linux `touch .env`

Now type inside the .env file

- The port number as `PORT = {port number}`
- The link to connect with the MongoDB Atlas as `MONGO_CONN = mongodb+srv://<username>:<password>@cluster0.jnw32.mongodb.net/<Database Name>?retryWrites=true&w=majority`
- The signature key as `JWT_KEY= <your signature key>`

Or just check the .env_sample, copy all, then change the needed fields.

---
If is first time running, create an empty folder named "uploads" in order to save uploaded images.

---

**NOTE**

As for the signature key, you can find random signature keys generators online and use the 256-bit key.
An example is "https://randomkeygen.com/" or "https://keygen.io/"

---

## Libaries used:

- [Mantine UI](https://mantine.dev/)
- [Use Query ](https://react-query.tanstack.com/)
- [Tabler Icons for React](https://tabler-icons-react.vercel.app/)

Commit message:

Added docker to project (#5)
* Added docker to project

* Update Dockerfile

README.md, after:

# General info

MERN stack Duolingo clone! This is a Duolingo clone, which is being developed by 3 BS students, a CS student, English Language & Literature student and a Fine arts student!

## How to start (With Docker)

1. Install docker on your machine
2. Create a .env file in the backend(Check below if need help)
3. Type: ``` docker-compose up ``` 

## How to start (Without Docker)

## Setup with npm

### Front-End

```
$ cd front-end
$ npm install
$ npm start
```

### Back-End(server)

(First create an .env file)

```
$ cd server
$ npm i mongoose
$ npm install
$ node server.js
```

## Setup with yarn

### Front-End

```
$ cd client
$ yarn
$ yarn start
```

### Back-End(server)

(First create an .env file)

```
$ cd server
$ yarn
$ yarn start
```

Additionally, in order to run the server, you need to create a .env file in the cmd/powershell or terminal
by typing:

#### For Windows `echo > .env`

#### For Mac/Linux `touch .env`

Now type inside the .env file

- The port number as `PORT = {port number}`
- The link to connect with the MongoDB Atlas as `MONGO_CONN = mongodb+srv://<username>:<password>@cluster0.jnw32.mongodb.net/<Database Name>?retryWrites=true&w=majority`
- The signature key as `JWT_KEY= <your signature key>`

Or just check the .env_sample, copy all, then change the needed fields.

---
If is first time running, create an empty folder named "uploads" in order to save uploaded images.

---

**NOTE**

As for the signature key, you can find random signature keys generators online and use the 256-bit key.
An example is "https://randomkeygen.com/" or "https://keygen.io/"

---

## Libaries used:

- [Mantine UI](https://mantine.dev/)
- [Use Query ](https://react-query.tanstack.com/)
- [Tabler Icons for React](https://tabler-icons-react.vercel.app/)
